VISA Interview Experience: USA
VISA Status: Approved
Passport Collected: 17th May, 2018
Interview Date: 15th May, 2018
Scheduled Time: 9:30
Intended Term: Fall, 2018
Incoming University: Johns Hopkins University 
School: Bloomberg School of Public Health
Program: Ph.D in Biostatistics
Program Start Date: 28th August
Fund: Full Tuition Waiver+ Health Insurance + Research Assistantship + Fellowship
Experience Before Interview: Reached at 8:30. They update the line every half an hour so I had to wait for an hour. I entered at 9:45 am. It is true that it is a bit crowded but very systematic, friendly and well monitored. 
Counter No: 6
VO Description: She was a middle aged lady. She seemed very irritated and she does not speak Bangla. 
VISA approved/rejected before the interview: Rejected a tourist visa and approved one F1 visa
Interview Started: Around 11 am. 
Conversation: 
Me: Good morning Ma'am 
VO: Good morning. Pass me your passport and I-20. 
VO: Okay, so your are going to Johns Hopkins, Doctorate program, full funded! what else to ask !!! ( with a big smile)
VO: What will you do after graduation?
Me: I am a faculty member of University of Dhaka and will be going on a study leave so I will join my job after I return 
VO: Why did you choose Biostatistics?
Me: I'm sure you know Statistics is a very rigorous mathematics based subject ( The VO laughed loud hearing that ) but Biostatistics is a synthesis between Stat and Biomedical Science which allows you to apply those mathematical theorem in real life. You can see your derived theorem improving someone's life and I think that gives a complete work satisfaction and triggers to work hard. 
VO: Congratulations! your visa has been approved. 
Good Luck !
Me: Thank you so much.

I had an immigration petition but she did not mention anything about that file. So those who have similar cases, you do not need to worry. You can be honest and mention your about that petition in DS-160 form and it will not affect your visa.

I forgot to update my NID number according to my smart card while renewing my passport. So those who are worried about your NID card number you can also be assured that it wont be any issue.

Applicant's Profile: 
Institution : Institute of Statistical Research and Training, University of Dhaka. 
CGPA: B.Sc- 3.99 (WES-4)
M. Sc- 4.00 (WES-4)
GRE: 312 (V-150, Q-162, AWA-4)
TOEFL: 107 ( R-29, L-26, S-27, W-25)
Publication: 1 (didn't have any publication when I applied)
Conference: Attended 2 international conferences. 
Experience: Lecturer - University of Dhaka 
Other Admission: 
University of Florida ( full fund)
University of South Carolina (full fund)
University of Cincinnati (full fund)
Texas Health Science Center- Houston (no fund)
Any advice for aspirants: I know it might sound cliched but dream big!

This group has been a great support and guided me all through the process. I will be glad to help others if possible. If you have any queries please mention it in the comment section.

Thank you.